Write instruction how to add case study (#454)
kyma-project/website: docs/add-user.md

# Add a new Kyma user

Follow these steps to add information on a new Kyma user to the **Used by** section on the landing page:

1. Fork the `website` repository and create a new branch in your fork.

>    > **NOTE:** If you don't want to fork the repository, create an issue using the **New case study request** [template](https://github.com/kyma-project/website/issues/new?template=new-case-study-request.md), and one of the [repository owners](../CODEOWNERS) will add it to the website for you.

Reviewer: In the end, we agreed that the template is called **New user request** :)

Reviewer 2: shouldn't this note be before step 1? it is a note about not going through the steps right?

>    > **NOTE:** If you don't want to fork the repository, create an issue using the **New case study request** [template](https://github.com/kyma-project/website/issues/new?template=new-case-study-request.md), and one of the [repository owners](../CODEOWNERS) will add it to the website for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **NOTE:** If you don't want to fork the repository, create an issue using the **New user request** [template](https://github.com/kyma-project/website/issues/new?template=new-user-request.md), and one of the [repository owners](../CODEOWNERS) will add it to the website for you.
```

> 2. Update the `adopters.yaml` file in the `content/adopters` folder with a new list item with your company's details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update the `adopters.yaml` file in the `content/adopters` folder with a new list item containing your company's details.
```

   Each element of the list in the `adopters.yaml` file should have the following format:

   ``` yaml
   - websiteUrl: {WEBSITE_URL}
     url: {URL}
     logo: {LOGO}
     content: {CONTENT}
   ```

   Replace these parameters with real values:

   - `{WEBSITE_URL}` is a URL to your company's website.

>    - `{URL}` is a URL to your case study published either on your company's website or our blog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `{URL}` is a URL to your case study published either on your company's website or on our blog.
```

   - `{LOGO}` is a path to your company's logo. It can be either a relative path to an image added under the `content/adopters/logos` folder in your PR or a path to an external source.

>    - `{CONTENT}` is a short brief about feelings from adopting Kyma in your business. You can only add text and a maximum of 140 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `{CONTENT}` is a short description of your feelings about adopting Kyma in your company. Add only text with a maximum of 140 characters.
```

>    > **NOTE:** If your case study is a post on our blog, then `{URL}` should be a relative link to the appropriate post with the `/blog` prefix. For example, add `/blog/2018/7/24/introduction-project-kyma/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **NOTE:** If your case study is a post on our blog, `{URL}` should be a relative link to the appropriate post with the `/blog` prefix. For example, add `/blog/2018/7/24/introduction-project-kyma/`.
```
